what's going on guys I am the dank and
oh man I've got a great great video for
you today probably one of the best
videos that I'm ever gonna make now as
most do you know this past week there's
been a lot of stuff coming out about the
brand new call of duty game call of duty
ghosts that's coming out later this year
and the second this information dropped
I mean my YouTube sub box just blew up
with Calder to go skull duty ghosts call
it was all over the place tons of videos
being made everybody's got something to
say about it everybody is bringing you
the latest breaking news in the
breakdowns and shit but you know what
since I like you guys so much since
since I appreciate the dang cops are me
so much what I decided to do is to take
everything we know so far about call of
duty ghosts and put it into one video so
you don't need to go watch 15 different
tmartn videos you don't need to go watch
you know videos from 47 other
commentators because I'm putting all the
information in one place you can thank
me later it's not a big deal it's fine
so what I decided to do is put together
a quick little montage I guess you could
call it of all the information we know
about call of duty ghosts so far every
single piece of factual information that
we know I mean this I'm freaking out cuz
this is crazy this I don't know if you
guys can handle all this stuff but here
we go sit back and enjoy everything we
know about call of duty ghosts so far
so that's it oh man that's that's a lot
of it that took me long time put that
together that's that's a lot of shit
that we know so far I mean who there it
there's no wonder that people put up
five six different videos about call
duty ghosts because there's just so much
information out about it right now that
it's all its mind-blowing it's
absolutely mind-boggling so that's going
to do it from you guys i hope you
enjoyed this video I hope that
information wasn't too much for you I
know everyone's super excited about the
game that doesn't come out for another
six months but make sure you leave a
thumbs up on this video because I took
the time to put all this information
together for you guys and I'm I'm
exhausted because I've been working all
day on this so thank you guys once again
for watching I'm the dank I hope you got
the point and I'll see you soon